All right, now, there are some limitations with this approach. One of the limitations is that, um you will first, obviously, whenever you do a screen share, for example, of a textual question, um, you wouldn't have the talking had decided anymore in full screen view. That's really because you're going to be sharing your own video right from the camera. So it's as if you are the active speaker and you're showing the whole textual Cuban name that would then mean that you'll have to switch toe the chair after showing for a few seconds. The textual Q and A. Eso that switching off the spotlighted video facilitates that. Another limitation for this approach is that you won't be able to use the virtual background functionality in Zoom. Um, that's because the camera that you feed in tow O. B s, um, there is no way for you to do virtual background unless you have a green screen behind you. And then we configure the chroma key in O. B. S. Um, that I think, is only going to be a problem if you will have to host the G m. So I mean to say you show your face on, then? Um, yeah, do it. The facilitation, The way, uh, jr did it in. Is this a GM? But, um, if it's anything like that the upcoming a g m s, you wouldn't have toe do that. So you don't need to do You don't have a virtual backgrounds. They just have a clean background behind you. Okay, So before I continue to have any questions, can you a net bring joint? Yep. I'm admitting him now. I'm sorry I didn't notice. Uh, Brian out of the question. Can you support yourself so that it doesn't jump? Okay, go in there. Oh, no. I'm just asking Brian his spotlight himself because I think the others cannot see the main screen because he's using his camera to share. Okay, let me do that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh, big question is, um so and so? So we don't have to wear share screen anymore, right? Eso this? Does that mean we have to start the video or we have to enable our videos on during the meeting? Yes. That's what I would recommend. Um, all right, so let me let me get to that part later. Karina I will. I will go through the whole thing. The whole flow with you. Yeah. I just want to clarify. It doesn't mean that you don't share screen and all Onley the share screen still happens if you are in version one. Right, Brian, that's the screen share happens when you're in version one. Um, because what I want is just like sharing. Are you intending for version one to also use O. B. S? Because, um, I actually will. I would actually prefer toe leave that to the facilitators after this training. Yeah, personally, I would do yo bs even for version one. Um, but if you're a home with just doing screen share because it's a very easy flow anyway, that should be fine. But definitely if we get the version toe where there's sexual questions and, um uh, instructional videos, I think, um oh, Bs might be the way to go, but I'd like to hear from you guys what you think after our session. But I wanted to assure everyone that don't get a shot. Only all the dry runs they're running for the next one or two days, or even the ones that we ran already for clients and upcoming A GM. You can continue to use the same method because that's the one you're most familiar with for these three days as well as all the dry runs that have very done during creature. You don't have to suddenly change through O b s. But the next a few days, especially what kinds we have. Ready Dreckman? Yeah. Yeah. It might be best, though, if you stick toe what you're used toe for Version one. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So I've shared the shared the limitations. All right, so these are the must haves that the massage, the shit ups and the nice toe have that you need toe have in your own home based zoom rooms. And in the case of HK, Allen is thinking of a zoom room as well from, uh, in the in the in the HK office.
